Fix a few typos (#210)
apple/swift-book: Style.md

## non-optional

> Hyphenated to avoid the misreading as non-optional.

Reviewer: This is actually correct as is — it's calling out how "nonoptional" can be misread without the hyphen.

```suggestion
Hyphenated to avoid the misreading as nono-ptional.
```
